Add a subSequence md file. (#1642)
Codecademy/docs: content/java/concepts/strings/terms/subSequence/subSequence.md

---
Title: '.subSequence()'

> Description: 'Returns a character sequence from the string'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Returns a character sequence from a string'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Strings'
  - 'Methods'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-java'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> # .subSequence() Method

Reviewer: Delete this header. The metadata will provide a title header for the entry.

> ## Descripion

Reviewer: Delete this header. The introduction generally does not have a header.

> The `.subSquence()` is a built-in method that returns a new character sequence that is a subsequence of the user-specified string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**`.subSquence()`** is a built-in method that returns a new character sequence that is a subsequence of a user-specified string.
```

> The `.subSquence()` method takes two parameters:

Reviewer: This section about the parameters should be in the syntax section.

  - `startIndex` - the starting index (inclusive);
  - `endIndex` - the ending index (exclusive).

  Both parameters must be `integers`.

> ## Syntax

Reviewer: There should be a line break after the header.

```pseudo
str.subSequence(int startIndex, int endIndex)
```
  The `subSequence()` method will return a subsequence of the `str` string that starts with the character at the position `startIndex` and ends with the character at the position `endIndex -1`
.
## Example

> 

Reviewer: Include a sentence introducing the example and what it is doing.

Author: Hi, I fixed all the suggestions mentioned and I succeeded to add and commit the changes but when I used the command "git push origin rm_branch" i got the following message. Can you please give me a hint?

To https://github.com/rubenm25/docs.git
 ! [rejected]          rm_branch -> rm_branch (non-fast-forward)
error: failed to push some refs to 'https://github.com/rubenm25/docs.git'
hint: Updates were rejected because the tip of your current branch is behind
hint: its remote counterpart. Integrate the remote changes (e.g.
hint: 'git pull ...') before pushing again.
hint: See the 'Note about fast-forwards' in 'git push --help' for details.

Reviewer: You should do a git pull before pushing the changes.

Author: I think I managed to push the modified .md file. Can you please check?
Thanks!

```java
class Main {
    public static void main(String[] args) {
        String str = "Java Programming";

        System.out.printlm(str.subsequence(0, 4));
    }
}
```

This will print:

> ```

Reviewer: This block should be a ```shell block, and there should be a line break before it.

---
Title: '.subSequence()'

> Description: 'Returns a character sequence from a string'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Returns a character sequence from a string.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Strings'
  - 'Methods'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-java'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> **`.subSquence()`** is a built-in method that returns a new character sequence that is a subsequence of the user-specified string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**`.subSquence()`** is a built-in method that returns a new character sequence that is a subsequence of a user-specified string.
```

## Syntax

```pseudo
str.subSequence(int startIndex, int endIndex)
```

> The `subSequence()` method will return a subsequence of the `str` string that starts with the character at the position `startIndex` and ends with the character at the position `endIndex -1`

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The `subSequence()` method will return a subsequence of the `str` string that starts with the character at the position `startIndex` and ends with the character at the position `endIndex -1`
```

Reviewer: Added a line break.

Author: Thanks again for helpin me. Uhm, I don't really get what's wrong bout my code.

Reviewer: @rubenm25 there needs to be one line break before and after each code block separating it from the other content.

Author: Okay! Thanks! I'll fix it now.

Author: I just added the necessary line breaks.

The `.subSquence()` method takes two parameters:
  - `startIndex` - the starting index (inclusive);
  - `endIndex` - the ending index (exclusive).

  Both parameters must be `integers`.

## Example

The following example will return a subsequence of the `str` string.

```java
class Main {
    public static void main(String[] args) {
        String str = "Java Programming";

        System.out.printlm(str.subsequence(0, 4));
    }
}
```

This will print:

> ```

Reviewer: Still needs to be a ```shell block

---
Title: '.subSequence()'
Description: 'Returns a character sequence from a string.'
Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Strings'
  - 'Methods'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-java'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> **`.subSquence()`** is a built-in method that returns a new character sequence that is a subsequence of a user-specified string.

Reviewer 2: Also, it should be noted here that `.subSequence()` actually returns a substring, not a [subsequence](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Subsequence). (Yes, it is written in the Java Docs as subsequence, but it should actually be substring). `.subSequence()` behaves like `.substring()` with the only difference being that `.subSequence()` returns a `CharSequence` as opposed to a `String`. :grin:

> **`.subSquence()`** is a built-in method that returns a new character sequence that is a subsequence of a user-specified string.

Author: Thanks for your review! Uhm, so this is how the definition should look like?

**`.subSquence()`** is a `String` method that returns a new character sequence that is a substring of a string.

## Syntax

```pseudo
str.subSequence(int startIndex, int endIndex)
```

> The `subSequence()` method will return a subsequence of the `str` string that starts with the character at the position `startIndex` and ends with the character at the position `endIndex -1`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `.subSequence()` method will return a subsequence of the `str` string from `startIndex` to`endIndex -1`
```

Reviewer 2: Also, same comment as before: `.subSequence()` returns a substring, not a subsequence.

The `.subSquence()` method takes two parameters:
  - `startIndex` - the starting index (inclusive);
  - `endIndex` - the ending index (exclusive).

>   Both parameters must be `integers`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Both parameters must be integers.
```

## Example

> The following example will return a subsequence of the `str` string.

Reviewer 2: "substring" instead of "subsequence".

> ```java

Reviewer 2: The example code should be corrected in the following way:
1. Use two spaces as opposed to tabs for indention.
2. The method is `.subSequence()` not `.subsequence()`.
3. `.printlm()` is a typo (line 39)! it should be `System.out.println(str.subsequence(0, 4))`.
